Support for changing alpn on listener callback (#2418) (#2959)
microsoft/msquic: docs/api/QUIC_NEW_CONNECTION_INFO.md

QUIC_NEW_CONNECTION_INFO structure
======

All available information for new incoming QUIC connection.

```C
//
// All the available information describing a new incoming connection.
//
typedef struct QUIC_NEW_CONNECTION_INFO {
    uint32_t QuicVersion;
    const QUIC_ADDR* LocalAddress;
    const QUIC_ADDR* RemoteAddress;
    uint32_t CryptoBufferLength;
    uint16_t ClientAlpnListLength;
    uint16_t ServerNameLength;
    uint8_t NegotiatedAlpnLength;
    _Field_size_bytes_(CryptoBufferLength)
    const uint8_t* CryptoBuffer;
    _Field_size_bytes_(ClientAlpnListLength)
    const uint8_t* ClientAlpnList;
    _Field_size_bytes_(NegotiatedAlpnLength)
    const uint8_t* NegotiatedAlpn;
    _Field_size_bytes_opt_(ServerNameLength)
    const char* ServerName;
} QUIC_NEW_CONNECTION_INFO;
```

# Parameters

`QuicVersion`

> The QUIC version of the new incoming connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The QUIC version negotiated for the new incoming connection.
```
